after this it happened that Absalom
provided himself with chariots and
horses and fifty men to run before him
our Absalom would rise early and stand
beside the way to the gate so it was
whenever anyone who had a lawsuit came
to the king for a decision that Absalom
would call to him and say what city are
you from and he would say your servant
is from such-and-such a tribe of Israel
then Absalom would say to him look your
case is good and right but there is no
deputy of the King to hear you oh that I
were made judge in the land and everyone
who has any suit or cause would come to
me then I would give him justice and so
it was whenever anyone came near to bow
down to him that he would put out his
hand and take him and kiss him in this
manner
Absalom acted toward all Israel who came
to the King for judgment
so Absalom stole the hearts of the men
of Israel now it came to pass after 40
years that Absalom said to the king
please let me go to Hebron and pay the
vow which I made to the Lord for your
servant took a vow while I dwelt at
keisha in Syria saying if the Lord
indeed brings me back to Jerusalem then
I will serve the Lord and the king said
to him go in peace so he arose and went
to Hebron then Absalom sent spies
throughout all the tribes of Israel as
soon as you hear the sound of the
trumpet then you shall say Absalom
reigns in Hebron and with Absalom went
200 men invited from Jerusalem and they
went along innocently
and did not know anything then absalom
sent for a heifer fell the Guyler night
david's counselor from his city from
Guilin while he offered sacrifices and
the conspiracy grew strong for the
people with Absalom continually
increased in number now a messenger came
to David the hearts of the men of Israel
are with Absalom so David said to all
his servants who were with him at
Jerusalem arise and let us flee or we
shall not escape from Absalom make haste
to depart lest he overtake us suddenly
and bring disaster upon us and strike
the city with the edge of the sword we
are your servants ready to do whatever
my lord the King commands then the King
went out with all his household after
him but the King left ten women
concubines to keep the house and the
king went out with all the people after
him and stopped at the outskirts then
all his servants passed before him and
all the Kerith i'ts all the pilla fights
and all the get heights six hundred men
who had followed him from Gath passed
before the king then the king said to it
AI the gittite why are you also going
with us return and remain with the King
for you are a foreigner and also an
exile from your own place in fact you
came only yesterday should I make you
wander up and down with us today since I
go I know not where return and take your
brethren back mercy and truth be with
you
as the Lord lives and as my lord the
King lives
surely in whatever place my lord the
king shall be whether in death or life
even there also your servant will be go
and cross over then it aii the gittite
and all his men and all the little ones
who were with him crossed over and all
the country wept with a loud voice and
all the people crossed over the king
himself also crossed over the brook
kidron and all the people crossed over
toward the way of the wilderness there
was a deck also and all the Levites with
him bearing the Ark of the Covenant of
God and they set down the Ark of God and
abathur went up until all the people had
finished crossing over from the city
then the king said to Zadok carry the
Ark of God back into the city if I find
favor in the eyes of the Lord he will
bring me back and show me both it and
his dwelling place but if he says thus I
have no delight in you Here I am let him
do to me as seems good to him are you
not a seer return to the city in peace
and your two sons with you or him as
your son and Jonathan the son of our by
earth are see I will wait in the plains
of the wilderness until word comes from
you to inform me
therefore zadok and abiathar carried the
Ark of God back to Jerusalem and they
remained there so David went up by the
ascent of the Mount of Olives and wept
as he went up and he had his head
covered and went barefoot and all the
people who are with him covered their
heads and went up weeping as they went
up then someone told David a his evil is
among the conspirators with Absalom oh
Lord I pray turn the counsel of
Ahithophel into foolishness now it
happened when David had come to the top
of the mountain where he worshiped God
there was Hugh Shai the archite coming
to meet him with his robe torn and dust
on his head David said to him if you go
on with me then you will become a burden
to me but if you return to the city and
say to Absalom I will be your servant O
king as I was your father's servant
previously so I will now be your servant
then you may defeat the counsel of
Ahithophel
for me
and do you not have say duck and a
buyeth are the priests with you there
therefore it will be that whatever you
hear from the king's house you shall
tell to zadok and abiathar the priests
indeed they have there with them their
two sons
AHIMA as Zadok son and jonathan abaya
thar's and son and by them you shall
send me everything you hear
so huge I David's friend went into the
city and Absalom came into Jerusalem
you